=== Bug Tracking Guide ===

Bugs can be submitted to one of two places. People will a Sourceforge account are strongly advised to submit the bug to https://sourceforge.net/tracker/?group_id=222797&atid=1056620, just leave it with the default settings unless it is fairly obvious something else is appropriate (like the bug crashes your DreamSeeker and happens a lot, then it would be a Priority 9 bug). As an alternative, you can submit the bug to the Bugs section of the forum, at http://forums.ss13.net/index.php/board,77.0.html.

A bug should preferably have the following information on submission:

A version number. (If appropriate, SVN stuff can use the revision number)
The steps taken to produce the bug.
Any error message produced. (These can be found in the little Output pop-up window)

Other information that you feel is relevant is always welcome.

Once a bug has been submitted, someone else should try to re-create the bug and leave a comment either confirming the bug or stating they could not re-create it. For forum bugs, once the bug has been confirmed, someone with a Sourceforge account can submit the bug to sourceforge, pasting the initial comment and linking to the relevant forum topic.

At this point, the bug can be assigned and/or fixed. If a Sourceforge project member comments that they wish to be assigned, the bug will be assigned to them. If no member expresses an interest, the Tracker Manager (rockdtben, at the time of writing) will assign it. Anyone can submit comments to help the bug along, or patches offering a fix for the bug. The assignee will be responsible for reviewing any patches submitted to the bug. All patches are to be submitted to the sourceforge bug.

Although this is not strictly required, it would be good if the assignee provides a patch for their own fix, to allow a bit of double-checking before a commit is made. This is left entirely to the discretion of the assignee though. Once a commit has been made, the bug can be changed to a Pending status, with a Fixed resolution. The Tracker Manager will actually close bugs 2 weeks after a version release.
